Alewis/custom webpack config for sites (#606)
cloudflare/workers-docs: src/content/tooling/wrangler/sites.md

##### More about include/exclude patterns

You can learn more about the standard patterns used for include and exclude in the [gitignore documentation](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore).

### Customizing your Build

> Workers Sites projects use webpack by default. You can [bring your own webpack config](/tooling/wrangler/webpack/#bring-your-own-configuration), however it is important to be cognizant of your `entry` and `context` settings.

Author: ```suggestion
Workers Sites projects use webpack by default. You can [bring your own webpack config](/tooling/wrangler/webpack/#using-with-workers-sites), however it is important to be cognizant of your `entry` and `context` settings.
```
